Payments / Sending bitcoin 'recipient address' copy changes (#341)
BitcoinDesign/Guide: guide/payments/send.md

You do not need to follow the order below. Feel free to tailor the configuration's order for the payment to what best serves your users. For example, you may make users set the amount before they enter the address.

> ## Get the receivers address

Reviewer: I don't think there's a material benefit in using receiver over recipient.
The whole chapter (and elsewhere in the guide often uses recipient.

   layout = "float-right-desktop"
%}

> The first step in a sending bitcoin flow is getting the receivers [Bitcoin address](https://bitcoin.design/guide/glossary/#address). To send a bitcoin payment, the receiver needs to generate and share a bitcoin address with the sender. Bitcoin addresses are best shared as text, a [payment link](https://bitcoin.design/guide/foundations/wallet-interoperability/#payment-links) or a scannable [QR code](https://bitcoin.design/guide/foundations/wallet-interoperability/#qr-codes). 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The first step in a sending bitcoin flow is getting the receivers [Bitcoin address](https://bitcoin.design/guide/glossary/#address). To send a bitcoin payment, the receiver needs to generate and share a bitcoin address with the sender. Bitcoin addresses are best shared as text, a [payment link]({{ '/guide/foundations/wallet-interoperability/#payment-links' | relative_url }}) or a scannable [QR Code]({{ '/guide/foundations/wallet-interoperability/#qr-codes' | relative_url }}).
```

For optimal privacy, Bitcoin addresses should be shared over secure communication channels. This could be recommended to users at the start of the sending user flow. 

> Design considerations for generating and sharing an address can be found in the [receiving bitcoin]( https://bitcoin.design/guide/payments/receive/#requesting-bitcoin ) section.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
_Design considerations for generating and sharing an address can be found in the [receiving bitcoin]( https://bitcoin.design/guide/payments/receive/#requesting-bitcoin ) section._
```
